Update dependencies for Java 21 and enable CD (#6)
jenkinsci/core-annotation-processors: readme.md

This module defines an annotation processor that has the same name

> as the one defined in core, to work around [MCOMPILER-97](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MCOMPILER/issues/MCOMPILER-97?filter=allissues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the one defined in core, to work around [MCOMPILER-97](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MCOMPILER-97)
```
